1. Array.prototype.push(): Adds one or more elements to the end of an array and returns the new length of the array.

2. Array.prototype.pop(): Removes the last element from an array and returns that element.

3. Array.prototype.shift(): Removes the first element from an array and returns that removed element.

4. Array.prototype.unshift(): Adds one or more elements to the front of an array and returns the new length of the array.

5. Array.prototype.slice(): Returns a shallow copy of a portion of an array into a new array object.

6. Array.prototype.splice(): Changes the contents of an array by removing or replacing existing elements and/or adding new elements in place.

7. Array.prototype.map(): Creates a new array with the results of calling a provided function on every element in the calling array.

8. Array.prototype.filter(): Creates a new array with all elements that pass the test implemented by the provided function.

9. Array.prototype.reduce(): Applies a function against an accumulator and each element in the array (from left to right) to reduce it to a single value.

10. Array.prototype.forEach(): Executes a provided function once for each array element.

11. Array.prototype.sort(): Sorts the elements of an array in place and returns the array.

12. Array.prototype.reverse(): Reverses the order of the elements of an array in place. (First becomes the last, last becomes first.)

13. Array.prototype.join(): Joins all elements of an array into a string.

14. Array.prototype.find(): Returns the value of the first element in the array that satisfies the provided testing function.

15. Array.prototype.findIndex(): Returns the index of the first element in the array that satisfies the provided testing function.

16. Array.prototype.every(): Tests whether all elements in the array pass the test implemented by the provided function.

17. Array.prototype.some(): Tests whether at least one element in the array passes the test implemented by the provided function.

18. Array.prototype.includes(): Determines whether an array includes a certain value among its entries.

19. Array.prototype.concat(): Used to merge two or more arrays.

20. Array.prototype.flat(): Creates a new array with all sub-array elements concatenated into it recursively up to the specified depth.



PLEASE CHECK THE FOLLOWING
    .1 - setTimeout()
    .2 - setInterVal()
    .3 - clearTimeout()
    .4 - clearInterval()
 